fix(s3): default BlockPublicAccess class properties to true (under feature flag) (#33001)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk-lib/cx-api/README.md

  }
}
```

* `@aws-cdk/aws-s3:blockPublicAccessPropertiesDefaultToTrue`

> Without this flag, the 'blockPublicAccess' property has a counter-intuitive and inconsistent behavior.
> When the property value is not specified, then all the 4 member properties (blockPublicAcls,
> ignorePublicAcls, blockPublicPolicy and restrictPublicBuckets) will default to 'true'. However in
> cases where selected properties are explicitly set to false, the remaining properties for which no value
> was specified will also default to 'false'.
> 
> Intuitively, if the property is not set explicitly, it must default to 'true'. Enabling this flag will exhibit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without this flag, the `blockPublicAccess` property has a counter-intuitive and inconsistent behavior.
When the property value is not specified, then all the 4 member properties (`blockPublicAcls`,
`ignorePublicAcls`, `blockPublicPolicy` and `restrictPublicBuckets`) will default to `true`. However, in
cases where selected properties are explicitly set to `false`, the remaining properties for which no value
was specified will also default to `false`.

Intuitively, if the property is not set explicitly, it must default to `true`. Enabling this flag will exhibit
```
Backticks for prop names and their values.
